# source: archive/_research/wayback/neurostudio.com/19990222011546/html/Info_Technical.htm

NeuroStudio Technical Information 

 NeuroStudio TM Technical Information 

 System Requirements 

 Software 

 Windows 95 or higher OR 

 Windows NT 4.0 or higher (i386 architecture only) 

 Web Server that supports standard CGI (BGI only; not 
necessarily needed if you create your own adapter to the bot server) 

 Hardware 

 INTEL PENTIUM 100MHz or higher 

 200MHz or higher recommended for serving 

 32Mb or Greater (Windows 95-98) 

 64Mb or Greater (Windows NT 4.0 Workstation) 

 128Mb or Greater (Windows NT 4.0 Server) 

 TCP/IP Web connection 

 Internet Connectivity

 NeuroStudio comes with portable 
source code for 'BGI' (Bot Gateway Interface), a CGI-based web interface that 
can work with most systems and can be used to derive your own non-CGI solution.

 BGI C source code is designed to be portable to any server hardware/software*

 BGI uses TCP/IP streams to communicate with Bot server: web server
software and bot server software do not need to reside on the same host. 

 BGI has been thoroughly tested against Netscape FastTrack, 
MS IIS, and MS PWS under Windows NT and 95 OS. 

 Count on between 512b and 1Kb of data between the web
server and bot server for each 2-way user transaction. 

 * NOTE: As time goes on, 
Neuromedia will port BGI to all reasonable systems. If such a port is not 
currently available we will help you port and debug BGI for your make of 
server software, hardware, and operating system, provided they are 
"popular" - e.g., IBM, DEC, Sun, SGI, Intel, Netscape, Microsoft, 
Apache, Linux, HP. This will not be charged as support incidents 
provided that the work is placed in the public domain (as is the rest of BGI).

 BGI Connectivity Details 

 NeuroStudio includes BGI 
(Bot Gateway Interface) C source code for Internet connectivity - 
full C source code for CGI connection to NeuroServer lets you get 
your bot on the web immediately regardless of your web-server 
hardware and software. It can be easily modified to adapt any 
Internet (or other) application to the bot server. Using this 
code as an example, any experienced web developer can quickly 
create an adapter for your favorite Java, VRML, or Middleware 
front end.

 BGI is written using NeuroServer Bot 
Connector API (BCAPI), an API for connecting to and communicating 
with NeuroServer via NeuroServer Bot Protocol. Other connectors 
for persistent server-side solutions such as NSAPI and WAI have 
been developed as well using BCAPI. BCAPI forms an easy-to-use basis 
for your own connectivity solutions.

 BCAPI in turn uses Bot Connector Protocol 
(BCP) to communicate with NeuroServer. If you need access at a lower 
level than BCAPI, you can implement your own connectors using our 
TCP-streams-based protocol.

[ HOME ] 
[ DEMOS ] 
[ BUY NEUROSTUDIO ] 
[ INFO ] 
[ TALK TO SHALLOW RED! ]
