# source: archive/_research/wayback/neurostudio.com/19990223222140/html/Splash.htm

Neuromedia's Home Page for Neurostudio(tm) 

 "We've found that client response to NeuroServer VSRs is fabulous, and the ease-of-use provided by
 Neuromedia's VSR authoring tools let us concentrate on the subject matter rather than the technology." 

 -- Rick Washburn, Managing Director, Executive Automation, Charles Schwab & Company

 "Until we implemented [a solution with NeuroServer], our staff was
 burdened with support calls and email from users with common questions, even
 though we had a Frequently Asked Questions section on our Web site. The amount 
 of questions that end up coming to our staff are now about 20% of what we had before."
 -- Raj Khera, President, govcon.com 

--> 
 "I don't believe it. I have NO programming experience, 
 and I have (my bot) on the web already. I only had part 
 of the weekend to work on him ... he is working like a 
 charm. AND I DIDNT NEED E-CERV!!! " 
 -- William Orlowski, Florida, USA

-->

 NEUROSERVER: Customer Service Solutions for the Enterprise 

 NeuroServer® is the enterprise solution for automating customer service both on the
 web and in the call center. It allows your organization to develop and deploy V irtual S ervice 
 R epresentatives (VSRs) that interactively converse with your customers and CSRs in 
 real time by combining a natural language interface with your existing web content. 

 NeuroServer VSRs are versatile - they can answer one-off FAQ-type questions , and they can also step the user through 
 "flip book"-style procedures for problem solving. And like a real service reps, they have the flexibility to act in both
 modes simultaneously.

 NeuroServer VSR technology provides increased customer satisfaction by giving people what they're looking
 for with no waiting. And because NeuroServer VSRs are fully autonomous, they facilitate labor savings that 
 will provide your organization with positive ROI within months of your NeuroServer purchase . 

 Most important of all, NeuroServer makes VSRs easy to develop by non-programmers . 
 The content of your VSR is entirely under your control
 without requiring outside consultants or software developers. The people your organization employs today - Level 2 
 CSRs and CS Supervisors - train your VSR the same way they train people. That means your VSR can always be current with the latest 
 up-to-the-minute information.

 NeuroServer VSRs can "recall" information from external databases - each customer can have a unique personal
 interaction based on previous purchases, trouble tickets, or personal preferences.

 Go global - NeuroServer technology can be used in any language by incorporating foreign-language libraries available from
 our 3rd-party partners.

 Get started fast - NeuroServer comes with a complete working VSR, as well as hundreds of re-usable topics and scripts . All you need
 to add is the information specific to your organization.

 To experience a VSR for yourself, have a chat with Shallow Red , 
 our own automated sales and marketing rep, in the frame
 above!

 For pricing and more information: 

 Call 415.752.3793 
 Email sales@neuromedia.com 
 Want to see for yourself? Can't wait? You can get familiar with our technology by purchasing
 our NeuroStudio evaluation system right here on line.

 Talk to Shallow Red, Neuromedia's own virtual representative. -->

 NeuroStudio is a full-featured system for stand-alone bot development and personal web sites. Want to
 learn bot develoment? Make a demo for customers? This is the place to start!

 Personal bot server with web server built in.
 Integrated Development Environment and visual script editor with "why-did-you-say-that?" code navigation.
 Teach your chatterbot how to respond without typing any code.
 "Log analyzer" tools for testing and quality control let you create and alter content 
 based on past converations.
 Thorough documentation and detailed step-by-step tutorials.

 You can purchase NeuroStudio and NeuroStudio PRO right here on-line! 

-->

 Questions? 
 Talk to Shallow Red, Neuromedia's own virtual representative. 

 Neuromedia, Inc

 298 4th Ave #400

 San Francisco CA 94118

 Voice: 415.752.3793

 Fax: 415.386.0114 

 E-mail: 

 shallowred@neuromedia.com

 [ HOME ] 
 [ DEMOS ] 
 [ BUY NEUROSTUDIO ] 
 [ INFO ] 
 [ TALK TO SHALLOW RED! ]
