# source: archive/_research/wayback/neurostudio.com/19990224092717/html/documentation/Tutorial2.htm

NeuroStudio Tutorial - Lesson Two

 [Table of contents] 
 [To Previous Lesson] 
 [To Next Lesson] 

Lesson Two: Defaults and PatternLists 

 Defaults

When you experiment with Galatea, you'll quickly 
find that anytime you type something containing the word, 
"hello", Galatea says hello. Anytime you say something 
that doesn't include the word hello, Galatea remains silent. 
Since you are building a conversational bot, you want to be
certain that Galatea provides an answer even when Galatea has
no idea what the user just said. This type of topic is called a
 default topic because it is 
processed only after reviewing all available regular topics.

Generally, it is best to keep all of your default topics 
together in one file. Therefore, create a file for them by
selecting " N ew" from the " F ile" menu and 
selecting "New Gerbil Source File".
In this file you should enter the following topic: 

Default Topic "Last Line Of Defense" is 
 Always
 Say "I have no idea what you meant by that." ;
 Done
EndTopic

Notice that the conditional statement has been replaced by an 
 Always statement, which terminates with 
the Done keyword. 
That means that this topic can be activated by 
anything at all the user says -- and that if it is activated, no 
topic after it will ever be activated. Obviously, this must be the 
very last default topic in the project -- because default topics are 
always considered in order, any which appear after this one in the 
file can never be reached. 

Now, save this new file, calling it "Defaults.Galatea.g", and add it to
the project using the Project Organizer.

Now, build the bot again. You can experiment with it a little; 
it will now say "hello" anytime you tell it anything that includes 
the word "hello", and "I have no idea what you meant by that" to 
anything else. 

 PatternLists

At this point, look at the "Hello" topic again. If the "Galatea.g" file
is not currently visible in your NeuroStudio window, you can open it 
either by selecting " O pen" from the " F ile" menu, or by
double-clicking on the name "Galatea.g" in the Project Organizer window.

When talking to each other, people 
say hello in dozens of different ways. They say "hi", "how are 
you", "what's up", "how's it going", "how do you do", and even 
"hey you". For a "hello" topic to only recognize the string "hello" 
doesn't make it very worthwhile. 

To build a better "hello" topic that recognizes a lot of different 
greetings, you should use a 
 PatternList . Create another Gerbil 
source code file, name it "Patterns.Galatea.g", and add it to the project. 
In this new file, put the following statements:

 //Hello: These can appear anywhere in a string and still mean hello 
PatternList HELLO is "hello","hi","howdy", "hey" ;

 //HELLOQUESTION: These can be greetings only if matched 
PatternList HELLOQUESTION is "how do you do","what's up","how are you" ;

Now, go back to your hello topic in "Galatea.g" and modify it like this: 

Topic "Hello" is 
SUBJECTS "Greeting" ;
 If Heard HELLO 
 or ?WhatUserSaid Matches HELLOQUESTION 
 Then 
 Example "hello" ;
 Say "hello" ;
 Done
EndTopic

Now build and start experimenting with the bot again. You will find
that it recognizes all the ways of saying hello above. Also, it will 
respond by saying "hello" to someone who says "how do you do", but not 
to someone who says "how do you do pattern recognition", or to someone 
who says "what's up", but not to someone who says "what's up on the 
roof". The Matches keyword
used in the "Hello" topic insures that only the exact questions in 
HELLOQUESTION trigger the "hello" response.

 <<< To Previous Lesson 

 To Next Lesson >>>
