# source: archive/_research/wayback/neurostudio.com/19990224163956/html/documentation/Tutorial7.htm

NeuroStudio Tutorial - Lesson Seven

 [Table of contents] 
 [To Previous Lesson] 

Lesson Seven: The Log Analyzer

After Galatea has a few conversations, you will notice 
First, your cgitmp directory will be getting cluttered up with 
bits of old conversations. You'll need to delete these occasionally, or 
set up a shell script (batch file) to do it for you. We've found that 
these need to exist so people with MicroSoft Internet Explorer will see 
their conversations normally. Apparently IE doesn't handle displaying CGI 
forms which are returned from other forms inside frames correctly; it needs 
an actual file reference, or it just changes the contents of the frame back 
to whatever it originally held after a couple of seconds. Netscape browsers, 
on the other hand, seem to handle this in full accordance with the spec. 
But whatever; after one of these is a few seconds old and the browser's 
seen it, there's no reason to keep it around. 

Second, there will be --> that there is a file in the Galatea directory called 
Galatea.log, which is getting longer and longer. That file is extremely 
important. It is the log of conversations your bot is having. Make a copy 
of that file. Save it as Galatea1.log. Select the " A nalyze Log File"
option from the " A nalyzer" menu in
NeuroStudio and open Galatea1.log. You scan 
through these conversations using the " N ext" and " P revious"
buttons, and whenever you see a response you want to fix, double-click on 
the statement/response pair, write a comment to remind yourself what you 
wanted to fix, and go on. when you're done, save the result as 
galatea1.comment.log. You can work from the comment logs instead of the 
actual logfiles when you're working on Galatea; this makes it faster and 
easier to find the next error you need to work on.

 Where To Go Next

There are many other references available as you begin working with Neurostudio.
Before creating your first original bot, you should read the 
 tips on creating a bot . The 
 NeuroStudio reference manual describes all
of the features of NeuroStudio in detail, including those introduced in this
tutorial. The Gerbil language manual explains
the features of the Gerbil Language. There are also reference sections
which cover every command and
 every predefined memory attribute 
within Gerbil, the Standard Statement library , 
and the Standard Question library . Finally, if 
you are having difficulty connecting your bot to the web, the 
 BGI manual describes the BGI connection
system in greater detail.

 Table of contents 

 <<< To Previous Lesson
