# source: archive/_research/wayback/neurostudio.com/19990224074248/html/documentation/Tutorial1.htm

NeuroStudio Tutorial - Lesson One

 [Table of contents] 
 [To Previous Lesson] 
 [To Next Lesson] 

 Lesson One: Files and Projects 

Start Neurostudio. If there are any child windows open in the application 
window, then close them. It will most likely start with the Shallow Red 
project open.

The first step in creating the bot is to create a "project file" for the
bot. This file will eventually contain all the information relevant to the
bot you are creating. In order to create the project file, select " N ew"
from the " F ile" option on the menu bar. (Alternatively, you can use the
toolbar item that looks like a little button with an icon 
of a blank piece of paper on it.) NeuroStudio will now display a 
dialog box that asks whether you want to create a 
"New Gerbil Source File" or a "New Bot Project".
Select "New Bot Project", either by doubleclicking on it, or by 
clicking first on it and then on the "OK" button.

NeuroStudio will now display a dialog that asks you to name your project.

Note that this is in the same folder as the Shallow Red project. Since you 
really want each bot to have its own folder, you should click on the "Parent folder" 
button (the little folder with an arrow pointing up, immediately to the right of the name 
of the present folder) and then the "new folder" button immediately to the right of that 
to create a new folder. The name "New folder" will be highlighted, so you can type 
a name for the new folder. Type "Galatea", but do not hit return. 

Now, click on the folder icon next to the new folder to open it, then highlight 
the project name again. The screen should look like this:

Finally, type "Galatea.bot." Press "Enter" or click the "OK" button.
Once you have done this, it should ask you whether you want to add the file 
"StdQuestion.us.g" to the project. This file contains both the
 Standard Question Library 
that helps analyze questions answered by users, and the 
 Standard Statement library 
that helps analyze statements made by users. Assuming that 
you are writing your bot in English, you probably want to include 
this file, so click the "Yes" button. (The Standard Question Library 
will be covered in Lesson Three .) 

Neurostudio will now ask you to confirm changes to Galatea.bot, 
and when you answer yes, it will compile for the first time.

You should now have two windows on your screen; 
The first window is titled "Project Organizer" and includes 
a list of all the files that make up the bot. The second window 
includes ".bot" in the title and contains a gray output subwindow and, below it, 
a white input subwindow. This window is called the session output window .

Now, select " N ew" from the " F ile" option on the menu bar again.
This time, select "New Gerbil Source File". A window will now appear
labeled "BotSource1.g". This window is where you will be creating your
Gerbil scripts. It functions as an ordinary text-editing window. 

The next step is to type something into the gerbil source code 
window. This simple topic will get you started. (Note that the text-editing
window will automatically color the text appropriately. "Strings", surrounded
by quotes, appear in red.)

Topic "Hello" is 
SUBJECTS "Greeting" ;
 If Heard "hello" 
 Then 
 Example "hello" ;
 Say "hello" ;
 Done
EndTopic

Okay, now save the file. You can save files in any of four 
ways: You can pick the " S ave" option or the "Save A s" 
option off the " F ile menu, or press Control-s, or simply 
click the little 'X' box (the close box) in the upper right corner of the 
"BotSource1.g" window and answer 'yes' when NeuroStudio asks if 
you want to save the file. 

Now you should get a dialog box asking where and under 
what file name you want to save it. Name it "Galatea.g" and 
save it in the galatea directory which you created earlier. 
Note: You will always get this dialog box if you save 
using the "Save A s" option from the " F ile" menu. 
Using the other three save methods, you will only get it if, like this time, 
you have just created this file and it doesn't have a file name 
yet. 

You should now get a dialog box asking if you want to add 
Galatea.g to the Galatea Project. Select "Yes."

If you ever want to add files to a project that aren't files you've 
just created in this way, you can add them from the Project 
Organizer Window. Go to the Project Organizer window, pick the 
Project view, and hit the "insert" key. You should get a windows 
dialog box asking what file you want to add to the project. 

Now you need to build the bot. Go to the " B uild" menu and 
pick the " B uild" option -- or just press control-B. If you 
have an error message, then doubleclick on the error message. 
Neurostudio will open the file galatea.g and put the cursor 
on the line containing the last symbol it read before 
encountering the error. The most common error with a hand-
written topic like this is that you may have forgotten a 
semicolon at the end of a line that needed one. So, you 
can fix the error and build again. 

You should now have a very simple bot running. Go to the 
session output window and click on the text entry box,
which is the white one-line box at the bottom of it. 
Type the word, "hello". Galatea should respond by saying 
hello back to you. Congratulations! 

 <<< To Previous Lesson 

 To Next Lesson >>>
