# source: archive/_research/wayback/neurostudio.com/19990224121526/html/documentation/Tutorial4.htm

NeuroStudio Tutorial - Lesson Four

 [Table of contents] 
 [To Previous Lesson] 
 [To Next Lesson] 

Lesson Four: The Spell Checker

Now, go to the text entry line and say "helllo" to 
Galatea. That is not a typo; misspell it 
with three l's. Observe what occurs. The Gerbil 
spelling checker changed the input to "hello". What actually
happened is that the value of 
 ?WhatUserMeant 
was set to the corrected input, "hello". The value of
 ?WhatUserSaid 
remains "helllo".

Note that Galatea's "hello" topic looked at 
 ?WhatUserMeant (by using 
 Heard ), 
and discovered "Hello" and answered it. The 
spell checking actually occurs in the 
Standard Question Library using the 
 CheckSpelling command.
In this case, it saved Galatea from making a mistake. 

Now, on the text entry line again, say "Who is Hermes?"
to Galatea. Galatea doesn't know the answer to this question yet, 
but look at what happens when the spelling checker sees this input. 
It changes 
"Hermes" to "here's". The name "Hermes", not surprisingly,
is not included in the default vocabulary of 
the spelling checker. There are several ways to fix this problem. 
Go to the Topic Wizard (by selecting " T opic Wizard" from the
" T ools" menu). Enter the questions

who is Hermes?

and 

who was Hermes?

the response 

Hermes was the messenger god of the greeks. He was the patron of theives, liars, and lawyers. 

and the Subject 

HERMES

The resulting topic looks like this:

Topic "Who is Hermes?" is
Subjects "HERMES";
 If ?WhoQuestion Contains "Hermes" 
 Then
 Example "Who is Hermes?" ;
 Say "Hermes was the messenger god of the greeks. He was the patron of theives, liars, and lawyers." ;
 Done
EndTopic

Now compile Galatea again. This time, you will get a dialog box titled "Gerbil 
Spell Checker". It will highlight the unfamiliar word, "Hermes", in the 
 Example statement of the topic. Click on the " A dd word" 
button (or press alt-a) 
and it will then go on to complain that you didn't capitalize "Greeks" and 
that you misspelled "thieves" by transposing "i" with 
"e". For both of these, click on the " R eplace" button (or press alt-r)
and NeuroStudio will finish compiling the bot. 

Now, when you ask the bot, "who is Hermes", it will answer correctly.
But the word "Hermes" itself can also be misspelled. If you ask 
"Who is Hermees?" it will be corrected, but when you ask it "Who is 
Herms", it won't know -- the spelling checker will change the unfamiliar 
word "Herms" in this case into "hems". Since Galatea is not 
intended to talk about clothes, this is probably a replacement that should be 
changed. Enter the " B uild" menu in NeuroStudio and pick the 
" P roject Vocabulary" option. This will display a dialog box that 
allows you to edit the set of new words you've taught the bot. At this 
moment, it will have just one word, "Hermes" in it. Click on 
the button that says " A dd Misspelling/Replacement" and add the 
"herms --> Hermes" change by entering "herms" as the 
misspelling and "Hermes" as the replacement. 

 Now click " D one" 
and ask the bot "Who is herms" again. This time, the spelling 
checker will change the utterance the way you wanted it to. 

The vocabulary dialog box also has an " A dd word" button which 
allows you to add new words to the project dictionary and a " R emove 
word" button which takes them out again. If you had added "theives" 
by accident, for example, you could use the " R emove word" button to remove it. 

 <<< To Previous Lesson 

 To Next Lesson >>>
